Update 10_known-issues.md (#281)
gridai/grid-docs: docs/platform/10_known-issues.md

* Folder size for [--localdir](https://docs.grid.ai/features/runs/localdir): When using the `--localdir` option the folder sizes are recommended to stay under 50MB

> * Running a script from the UI is not working currently, the workaround is to use the base of the github repo and then navigate to the script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When creating a run in the UI, specify the github repo where the script is located. Providing the URL to the specific script in Github is not currently supported. 
```
